OK.
So welcome back.
Let's go ahead and continue onwards.
We've finished the first day of not the first year but we finished these two divs and now we're going
to go ahead and move on to the one right underneath it.
Now here we're going to play around with click events.
So on click.
Something's going to happen not click events but something similar to it I guess.
So we have it says Heather 3 change email.
OK.
So we scroll down just a little bit more.
So the first oh my God it says here change e-mail.
And then there is the input field.
OK.
So change email and then there is an input field here.
So input type and we type in the text and the name is name and then we have a reference to this input
feel to this input element which is basically new mail.
So that's going to be a reference to it down below it immediately.
We have a button.
It's not placed here right down below it it's place next to it here we could place it down below.
But anyway it says change e-mail.
And then there is a button that you can click on that will perform that will cause certain logic to
occur.
The wonderful phone noise but oh well some can't be loaded anyway.
Yes.
So there was a button and then it says click and then on click we've done some binding here.
It says change mail.
We're calling a method and we're passing some sort of a parameter to that method.
And the name of the button is actually change.
So that's the that's this right here.
But here we've actually got we're actually calling a method change mail and then we're passing a value
to it change.
Mail is a method from the components.
You just move the components down below and change mail change mail.
Yep there we go.
So there we go.
There is a method change.
Mail here.
There you go.
It says there change mail.
It accepts a single parameter of type string and then performs and then it changes the current user
dot e-mail and it initializes it to whatever we actually have passed to it whatever string we have actually
passed to it.
So it says your new mail.
So that is a reference to this input element and we've typed in new mail dot value.
Now what are we doing here.
We are pooling whatever we have to whatever text we have actually typed into the input field and we're
passing that text to the change mail method from app component.
Yes that is exactly what's going to happen here so you have changed mail.
You typed something in here throw at
something thing dot com while sometimes managed to amaze myself and if I click and I can click change
but ok.
Nothing's going to happen.
You see I need to call I need to call some sort of I need to like just toggle click and then your email
is throw lot at something dotcom.
I want to look up here.
Well they need to go back to tutorials for that.
That is basically something that basically a button that actually either shows your e-mail or hides
your email.
The logic for it is up here somewhere.
So it's in the top.
There we go soapie hidden.
So you have the logic for it.
Here it says to go click.
So if I click on it to hide it I can click on it to show it.
But it does display.
If I go ahead and change this to blah
blah dot com if I click on change it's going to say blah blah com.
In fact here let me just zoom this out so you can see it better.
We are our dot com change and there we go the changes enacted immediately.
The reason why you didn't see it immediately is because we've implemented a function to actually hide
the displaying of the e-mail we've implemented logic to actually hide the spelling of the e-mail.
Anyway going back to this I mean just scroll down.
So that would be this part here where you can actually type in an e-mail address and then change it
doesn't need to be an e-mail address you can change pretty much whatever you want in this fashion.
Morales again we have some sort of change e-mail logic but this one is a little bit different.
So this one is actually tied to the event on the keyboard.
When we actually press and release a key so key up so you press it and then you release it.
And that's key.
That is the key.
That is the actual method that I explained a moment ago.
So key press there you go this is referring so.
And this we are going to use in conjunction with this method here in order to enact exactly the same
changes as before.
But within with by pressing Enter on the keyboard.
So everything is the same again.
Heather change email input type text.
We're creating another reference to it.
See this reference is in your mail and then number two and then we're giving this key up and says key
press parentheses dollar sign event.
So this is something that is very unique to angular too.
It is its way of processing these sort of events.
This is not like email.
This is this is something that's angular too specific.
Then of course we have a a button that click we can use a button as before but we don't actually use
a button.
We can just use the Enter And that's going to happen.
So we have the method keypress.
OK.
So key press here and then we're passing an event to it.
It accepts a keyboard event it checks if the event key code is 13.
It stores that into a variable but before it stores it it needs to convert it to the input element and
then it calls the function change mail.
And of course it takes the input element value it passes the entertainment value to the change mail
function and then the chain mail function well we all know what it does it basically changes the value
of that email field.
If I go ahead and arduous and go to the second one right here if I type in oh oh oh.
Oh no.
T.
B.
Nuts and type and think out of the norm.
And if I press enter you can see that this is actually changed.
So I haven't I did not click change.
Look look I'm not looking change I'm just pressing enter on my keyboard now but it changes up above.
So monitor what happens here when I change something down here I can type in 3 3 3 3 and I press enter
and watched the watch.
Watch this part.
Now here I need to be actually slow.
OK.
There you go.
So it's 3 3 3.
So it's not just a random clock you can't.
You can press enter in a random fashion and be anywhere on the site you actually need to click onto
this field and have the cursor pointing there.
This blinking one and then press enter and then it's going to change a very very simple nothing too
complex there.
You just have a method which accepts a keyboard event and based upon that keyboard event it performs
a certain logic on the HDR element.
How does it know how does it how does this method know to actually work with this part.
Is it because we have cast that input type.
No that's just something that we have to do.
The reason that this function actually knows that we would like it to perform certain logic for this
element input here is because it's been called there.
So you see keypresses actually called there so therefore it knows OK to perform logic here for this
one and not for anything else anywhere else.
And down below the final day of that we're going to do again it's going to refer to the same method
here.
Nothing new there.
But instead of actually going through a lengthy process there is instead of actually one lengthy process
but instead of actually passing an event in this fashion we can just do this.
So input type and then it's a text.
OK.
We have our preference here that's referring to the input element and then it says key up that enter.
So we no longer need this method down below.
Immediately we have eliminated the need for this method by just typing this.
This basically this one line here this one line of code actually two words in parentheses and two parentheses.
So key Daut key up dot enter.
When this happens go ahead and state go ahead and call change male function and pass the inputted text
to this function in order to change the value of the e-mail.
So all that this year is is a shortened version of this though.
Might be counter-intuitive because like a weight butterman like this line is shorter than this one.
Yes.
But this line does not call this entire method.
It has no need for it.
While this line actually calls this method so see where the short applies it saves you the trouble of
writing an entire method for a certain task when you can just type in key a dot enter.
So it's going to work.
It's going to work exactly the same.
So if I just take one one one not clicking on change just pressing enter.
You can see that this happens.
Anyway that's it good to bid you farewell.
And I will see you in the follow up Tauriel.